#7007: Upgrade CesiumJs to latest stable version (#7863)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/mapstore-migration-guide.md

-<link rel="stylesheet" href="libs/cesium-navigation/cesium-navigation.css" />
```

> - This step is needed only for custom project with a specific `publicPath` different from the default one (default `dist/cesium`). Update the `cesiumBaseUrl` parameter in the webpack dev/prod config to point to the correct location of the cesium static assets, widgets and workers folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This step is needed only for custom project with a specific `publicPath` different from the default one. In this case you may need to specify what folder deliver the  cesium build ( by default `dist/cesium`). To do that, you can add the  `cesiumBaseUrl` parameter in the webpack dev and prod configs to the correct location of the cesium static assets, widgets and workers folder.
```
